Clarify preview limitations (#799)
apollographql/docs: src/content/graphos/cloud-routing/index.mdx

- Apollo will notify you via email whenever a Serverless variant is approaching this 60-day limit.
- To prevent deletion, execute at least one GraphQL operation on the variant's router before the 60-day limit.

## Limited compute on Serverless

> Serverless has limited underlying compute resources and certain types of workloads may require you upgrade to Dedicated. Serverless capacity may be exhausted in the following circumstances:
> - Complex schemas may exceed available machine memory for Serverless cloud routers. For example, Serverless cloud routers don't support schemas with over 1,000 input types.
> - Processing too many simulatenous requests may cause your cloud router to error and return 429 errors to your clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Serverless has limited underlying compute resources, so certain types of workloads might require you to upgrade to Dedicated. Serverless capacity can be exhausted in the following circumstances:
- **Complex schemas** can exceed available machine memory for Serverless cloud routers. For example, Serverless cloud routers don't support schemas with over 1,000 input types.
- **Too many simultaneous requests** can cause your Serverless cloud router to return `429` errors to your clients.
```
